feat: SEO fixes (#1271)
openfga/openfga.dev: docs/content/authorization-concepts.mdx

      },
    },
    {
      '@type': 'Question',
      name: 'What is Role-Based Access Control?',
      acceptedAnswer: {
        '@type': 'Answer',
        text: 'In Role-Based Access Control (RBAC), permissions are assigned to users based on roles like editor or admin. RBAC fits flat, single-tenant access models but breaks down with hierarchy, sharing, or multi-tenancy.',
      },
    },
    {
      '@type': 'Question',
      name: 'What is Attribute-Based Access Control?',
      acceptedAnswer: {
        '@type': 'Answer',
        text: 'In Attribute-Based Access Control (ABAC), permissions are granted based on attributes of the user, resource, or request — for example, a user with marketing and manager attributes can publish marketing posts. ABAC implementations typically pull attributes from multiple sources at decision time.',
      },
    },
    {
      '@type': 'Question',
      name: 'What is Policy-Based Access Control?',
      acceptedAnswer: {
        '@type': 'Answer',

>         text: "Policy-Based Access Control (PBAC) manages authorization policies centrally, external to application code. Most ABAC implementations are also PBAC. OpenFGA's model DSL is itself a policy: committed to Git, reviewed via PR, deployed like any other code.",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        text: "Policy-Based Access Control (PBAC) manages authorization policies centrally, external to application code. Most ABAC implementations are also PBAC. OpenFGA's authorization model DSL is functionally similar to a policy: it can be committed, PR reviewed and CI/CD deployed.",
```

Reviewer: I'm not sure we should add OpenFGA to this though - it's better to focus on answering the question and maybe adding another question: "How does OpenFGA compare to Policy-Based Access Control?"

Same note applies to the questions above and below

Author: I think these are more about catching common questions than trying to pick questions that can make more sense, I'll leave them for now

      },
    },
    {
      '@type': 'Question',
      name: 'What is Relationship-Based Access Control?',
      acceptedAnswer: {
        '@type': 'Answer',
        text: 'Relationship-Based Access Control (ReBAC) makes access rules conditional on relationships between users and objects, and between objects themselves — "a user can view a document if they have access to its parent folder". ReBAC is a superset of RBAC and natively covers ABAC scenarios when attributes are expressed as relationships.',
      },
    },
    {
      '@type': 'Question',
      name: 'What is Zanzibar?',
      acceptedAnswer: {
        '@type': 'Answer',

>         text: "Zanzibar is Google's global authorization system, used by Drive, YouTube, Calendar, and Cloud. It stores object-relation-user tuples and answers checks and reverse queries against the resulting graph. OpenFGA implements the Zanzibar model on your existing databases.",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        text: "Zanzibar is Google's global authorization system, used by Drive, YouTube, Calendar, and Cloud. It stores object-relation-user tuples and answers checks and reverse queries against the resulting graph. OpenFGA is an authorization service, similar to Zanzibar, and is open source and can be used with your data and services.",
```
